# Update record for version 0.2.0

## Fixing

- Cancel **ANY** operations that will modify or rescale the image data.

  > In the previous version, *FaYE* will rescale the image data to [0, 1] or [0, 255] in order to handle some situations that the data range in out of the legal image data range. 
  >
  > However, I witnessed some unexpected image data rescaling, leading to color bias in the saved image. And I realized that the responsibility of controlling the image data range need to be **totally** given back to developer.
  >
  > So here we update our agreement about the data processing during image IO:
  >
  > - **Never** modify the image data during loading.
  > - When outputting some image file type like PNG or JPG, which stores the image data in uint, we will:
  >   - Casting the data to [0, 1] if the data type is float series, and rescaling to legal data range.
  >   - Casting the data to the legal data range without rescaling, if the data type is int series.



## What's NEW

Introducing FaYE 0.2.0, a totally new version of FaYE-image, bringing easier and straightforward operations of image to user without any barriers.

### Cascade-call-style operations

In addition to the previous interfaces, we now defined a new cascade-call-style to make the operation more easier and intuitive. Moreover, we now enable more operations on image data, such as resizing.

```python	
import faye_image as fy

image_numpy = fy.from("path/to/exr.exr").resize(1024).to(fy.NUMPY_RT)
fy.from(image_numpy, fy.NUMPY_RT).resize(512, 1024).set('I', fy.PNG_MODE_FLAG).save("path/to/save/place.png")
```

For more information, please refer to the documentation.

### Resizing image

Now you can use the `resize` interface to resize your image data.